How's it hanging Uzaki?
I thought I'd swing by
to see how you were doing
on my day off.
So, are you working hard
or hardly working?
[UZAKI grunting]
Ok-ay. Just keep giving me
the cold shoulder
like you've been
doing since yesterday.
She seems upset.
What'd you do this time?
Really, again? There's always
something weird going on
whenever you're around,
isn't there? Gyah.
Whoa, wait, can we
back up for a second?
I have no idea what I'm
even being accused of.
Look, the poor boy's as
clueless as ever. Ya see?
Not surprised. Nope.
[BOTH sigh]
[SAKURAI]
What the heck's going on?
When did I become
public enemy number one?
Hello there.
Just thought I'd pop in.
[TSUKI] I've noticed that
Hana's been in a bit of a funk
since yesterday. I was worried,
so I thought I'd make sure
she wasn't causing
any problems for you.
That's very kind of you,
but there's no need to worry.
She's been her usual
cheery self with the patrons.
[SAKURAI grunting]
It's a different story
with that jerk face, though.
Well that sounds like quite
an unfortunate situation.
Knowing Sakurai, he probably
brought it onto himself,
so don't feel
too badly for him.
I've been trying to figure out
what I did wrong.
I've got nothin'.
Mind giving me a clue already?
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Actually, if Hana's this upset,
things must be getting serious.
[ASAI]
Wait a minute.
[CAFÉ OWNER] Haven't we
been down this road before?
[ASAI]
This is giving me déjà vu.
I think I remember
Hana's mood changing
right around dinnertime.
The three of us were having
a nice little cooking lesson
in the kitchen.
It seemed like everything
was going well enough.
That is, at first.
But when we
finished making the dish
it was as if this dark
cloud fell over her.
When I asked her what was wrong,
she said it was nothing
and just shrugged me away.
So, I really am sorry.
That kind of attitude doesn't
belong in the workplace.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
No need to apologize.
[ASAI] That's right. Not like
it's your fault, after all.
What a shame.
Guess you don't know what's
wrong either, Ms. Tsuki?
No clue.
You kidding me? Do you two even
hear yourselves right now?
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Seriously!
I beg your pardon?
Yeah, what are you
yelling about?
I realized what's upset Hana!
[SAKURAI]
Wait, really? Uzaki's mad 'cause
she's the only one I don't
call by her first name?
Well actually, there's
a good reason for that.
I've never liked calling
girls by their first name.
Feels kinda intimate.
No crap, I know that.
So, explain.
How come you're fine feeling
intimate with my mom?
If you're gonna do that
with anyone, it should be me!
Hey, your phrasing...
[TSUKI]
Oh, my. This is so awkward.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
To think he became this familiar
with her mother so quickly.
[ASAI] All while he's still
being wishy-washy
with Hana herself.
It's obvious which woman's
getting her bread buttered.
[BOTH]
Heh, heh and it ain't Hana!
[ASAI] Aw, I can't help feeling
bad for the poor girl, though.
I mean, Sakurai even
calls me by my first name.
[ASAI] Right, then. About time
I toss our friends a lifeline.
Well, this means you
better hurry and get over
your complex about first names
for the sake of your
friendship with Hana.
But how do I do that?
With some old-fashioned
exposure therapy.
Starting now,
you can't use last names
anywhere within
these café walls!
[GROUP]
Huh?
Oh relax, it's just for today.
I'm sure you can handle
that much, right Sakurai?
Don't look so enthusiastic.
And how do you expect me
to participate when
I don't even know the
bossman's first name?
Just call me Akihiko, dear boy!
[SAKURAI] Why are you glistening
all of a sudden, Akihiko.
[CAFÉ OWNER] Now don't
get distracted, Shinichi.
[SAKURAI grunts]
There's somebody
else here who needs
your attention more than I do.
And she's right behind you.
[SAKURAI grunts]
[UZAKI growls]
You got this, Shinichi.
I believe in you!
Go show 'em who's
boss, Shinichi!
We'll be here cheering
you on together, Shin.
Each of us rooting for you.
Eyes on the prize!
[SAKURAI]
Yeah, yeah, yuk it up.
Okay, first things first.
I owe you an apology.
I did the same damn thing
all over again and I probably
upset you again too.
Which was a sucky thing to do.
I'm really sorry.
Know what, Sakurai?
I can tell you're trying to
avoid saying my name.
Consider me unimpressed.
Try again, dummy.
[SAKURAI growls]
I'm sorry. Hana.
[laughs] What was that again?
You're gonna have to
speak a little louder.
[SAKURAI grumbles]
I'm said I'm sorry, Hana.
Louder, please.
[SAKURAI]
Sorry Hana.
With feeling!
[SAKURAI]
Please forgive me, Hana.
Oh, that's more like it!
Now we're talking.
I swear I could almost
taste your regret
in that last apology.
Okiedokie, I forgive you, pal.
For real, though.
It may be awkward for a bit,
but I prefer it this way.
Thanks, Sakurai.
[SAKURAI grunts]
Oh wait, since everyone else is
calling you by your first name,
maybe I should start
calling you Shinichi, too.
Hmm... What's wrong, Shinichi?
Did I hit a nerve, 'cause
you're blushing really hard.
I'm not blushing, I'm just hot.
Yeah right, ya liar. Your face
is red as a beet, Shinichi!
You just need glasses!
[UZAKI] And you're adorable
when you're not being
a grumpy old loner, ya know?
[SAKURAI]
Stop looking at me!
What's wrong, Shinichi Sakurai?
[SAKURAI]
Hey, cut it out!
Mission accomplished.
It seems they've
finally made up.
Those two are something.
Hana says they've practically
known each other for ages,
and yet all this fuss
about names.
My, I can't help but think
they've got their priorities
out of order.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
And I can't help but feel
that she's still taking things
the wrong way.
Mrs. Uzaki, you and I need to
have a talk one of these days.
A serious talk.
[UZAKI]
Shinichi! Shinichi! Shinichi...
Shinichi! Shinichi!
[SAKURAI]
Leave me alone!
[gasps] My Saku-zaki
senses are tingling!
[SAKURAI]
Oh man, I'm exhausted.
That was a whole new level
of psychic damage
I took back there.
Yo Shinichi, how's it going?
Hello Shinichi-beechi!
Shinichi! Shinichi! Shinichi!
[SAKURAI] And she's been
bullying me with my own name
ever since. I suppose I
only have myself to blame.
[SAKURAI]
Oh, hey. A free gym trial.
[SAKURAI grunting]
[SAKURAI] It's been a while
since I've worked up a sweat.
Casual solo activities have
always been a thing I enjoy.
Not to mention they're perfect
for blowing off steam.
[UZAKI laughing]
[SAKURAI]
All right. Time for chest.
Yo. You there, with the
sharp-looking eagle eyes.
Were you about to hit
this bench, kiddo?
No need to do it alone.
Better to be safe and
find a spotter first.
[FUJIO] Nice. Looks like
someone's using their trial!
[KUROKI]
Hey there, Fuji.
[SAKURAI]
Huh?
Don't mind me, I'm just
a trainer here.
Actually, as long as you're cool
with it, why don't I spot you?
Bar workouts can be
dangerous sometimes,
so it's never a bad idea
to have a buddy.
[NARRATOR] Ah, the time-honored
fitness trope.
A group of gym rats looking to
adopt a new mouse to their pack.
Eight... Urgh. Nine...
Urgh... Ten!
Ah, Pretty dang
impressive jumping in
with three sets of
hundred-kilo reps.
Alrighty. Keep that form
steady to the end.
Only one more to go!
Okay. Eleven!
Attaboy. You might
as well keep going.
One more for kicks!
[grunting]
[FUJIO] Sweet. You did it!
Awesome work, buddy.
Well, time to finish
out nice and strong!
What?!
You heard me, boy. C'mon,
you're almost there!
[SAKURAI groaning]
[FUJIO] Awesome. Last one
for real this time. Let's go!
Seriously? How many
last reps are we doing?
My arms are about to give out!
Nah-ah-ah. Don't let all
that effort go to waste.
Go for the glory. Just one more.
Do it, stud!
Jeez, Fuji, lay off already.
Just spot the kid
before he chokes!
The man's a certified sadist,
which is why I never
ask him to spot me.
Let's go!
[SAKURAI grunting]
[FUJIO]
Sorry if I pushed you too hard.
If I can be honest though,
you were getting
so fired up that I
got fired up, too.
And that fire's why all
our younger gym members
keep getting burned out.
[KUROKI]
Shh!
No big. Actually, I haven't
pushed myself that hard
in quite a while.
Really?
And having a great spotter
really does boost
your efficiency.
Oh wow. We've finally
found somebody
who can keep up with Fuji.
You're a beast, kiddo!
Thing is, for some
reason we don't see
too many athletic
types around here.
So tell me, chief.
Do you have any
particular fitness goals
you might be trying to
achieve at the moment?
Because if you do, ya know
you could totally hire me
as your trainer, so I could
spot you all the time
and even help you come up
with a solid workout plan!
Calm down before
you pull a muscle.
Don't push the sales pitch too
much or you'll scare 'im!
I just enjoy working out.
I'm not sure I have
any real goals.
We're here because
our doctors told us
we needed to get more exercise.
Also, my daughter says I'm lame
and I need some toughening up.
Oh, tell me about it.
My son's been giving me
a piece of his mind, too.
So how 'bout it, boys?
What do you say I
cook us up a routine
for clean gains in the name
of fatherly dignity?
You guys ready to
be baddie daddies?
[IMURA]
No thanks boss, I'm good.
[KUROKI] Training with you would
be a straight-up death wish.
Aw c'mon, pwease?
Anyway, what do you think about
joining up with us, Sakurai?
Staying fit is easier when
you've got some workout buddies.
[SAKURAI]
That's definitely true.
And invite your friends to
join us too, if you like.
We'll all catch those
endorphins together.
[FUJIO]
Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
Y'know, that sounds
like a great idea.
[FUJIO]
Hoo-rah!
[KUROKI]
Looking forward to it!
[SAKURAI] I doubt Uzaki would
come if I invited her, though.
Ugh. Why would anyone
fork up hard-earned cash
to get tired and
sweaty in public?
[SAKURAI]
Is probably what she'd say.
Hmph.
Whatever, it's okay for this
to just be a me thing.
[FUJIO] Tell me Chief,
do you have any fitness goals?
[SAKURAI]
Fitness goals, huh?
Can't say I have any
specific ones in mind.
I guess I'll just try out a
bunch of different exercises.
[SAKURAI] Speaking of which,
gotta make sure
I try new things out
of the gym, too.
[UZAKI]
Oh. It's Sakurai.
[FUJIO]
Guess who?
Hey, Dad. Mom's in the kitchen.
Hello! Hope you had
a nice commute.
Dinner's almost ready, hon.
Go ahead and wash up.
Okiedokie, hon. Worked up a
real sweat today, I'm starving!
[NARRATOR]
Look familiar?
[FUJIO] Exciting news today,
we just got a new gym member.
A nice kid around
your age, Hana.
Well good for you pops,
that's exciting.
Because from what
you've told me,
you don't get too
many younger folks.
[FUJIO] Nope, we sure don't.
And if I'm being honest,
the place is way too
quiet without 'em.
We're pretty desperate for
new faces, so it'd be nice
if this kid brought some friends
with him or something.
You could join, Hana.
Are you kidding?
What would I even do there.
Hang out with the
mid-life crisis crew?
Yeah, no, I think I'll pass.
[FUJIO]
Hey, those're my boys!
Wait. You might have a point.
I don't want to think about
what a bad influence those
over-the-hill slackers
might be on my baby girl.
Stay away from them
at all costs!
Yeah, sure dad.
Oh, hey, Mom, I think our
chef-in-training's down
for another cooking lesson.
When were they
looking to stop by?
Probably our usual
Thursday afternoon, if that
works for you. We're hoping
to learn how to simmer a fish.
[TSUKI]
That sounds wonderful, sweetie.
I'll get the ingredients.
[UZAKI] Yay, thanks Mom. I'll
make sure it's on the calendar.
Cooking lessons, eh?
Is this the same friend who made
all that udon a while back?
That was them, all right.
I suppose when you're
living on your own,
it can inspire you to
learn some cooking skills.
But I've never seen a new chef
taking food this seriously.
Really now? Such determination!
I can get behind that.
I bet this girl will make
a great wife one day.
Actually, my friend's a dude.
And send text.
[FUJIO]
Huh, my bad. I stand corrected.
It's a shame I won't
get to meet this guy.
Know what, I think
I'll just go ahead
and take the day off
so I can join you.
What are you talking
about Fujio, you can't.
Didn't we agree
you'd save your PTO?
[laughing]
[YANAGI]
Hey, everyone, I'm home!
Brrr, I'm freezing.
When'd it get so cold?
Boy, am I starving.
What are we having for
dinner tonight, Mom? Oh...
Hey there, sport, would you
be a dear and have a seat?
So, what's up. The usual?
Yeah, Dad's in a mood.
[UZAKI] Ugh. I knew I should
have kept my big mouth shut.
[FUJIO]
Now that we're all here,
the Uzaki family meeting
shall commence.
There's something
we must discuss.
It's about Hana. I'm afraid
she has a boyfriend.
No freakin' way, Dad.
Seriously? That's a joke, right!
Wow, really? Guess our big sis
found "the one." Good for you.
It's not good at all!
Someone's finally come
to take away my baby girl.
He's probably some
good-for-nothing bum
who sleeps through his classes.
He better be making nothing
less than straight A's,
or else I won't allow it!
We know this is gonna
go nowhere and end
with Dad stuck in
his fee-fees, right?
I'm hungry. Can we please
have dinner already, Ma?
Hana's technically an adult,
so wouldn't it make
more sense to let her do
whatever she wants now?
Not gonna lie, Daddy,
it's real wack for you
to try and decide
things for her.
If you keep nagging your
children like this,
then they'll only end up
resenting you once they grow up.
Why do you kids always
pick on your old man?
I can't believe it
was only yesterday
when you were still in diapers.
We used to watch
TV together while I
taught you your first words.
Yeah, and then everyone
made fun of me
for sounding like a meathead.
Thanks for drudging up
that memory.
Imprinting can be traumatic!
Aw, it's cute that Dad
talks like a stupid jock.
[FUJIO]
Yeah, yeah, laugh it up.
You're free to make
fun of me all you like,
but at the end of the day,
you can't escape your roots!
I dare you to pretend
you don't remember!
[KIRI] Aren't those the lyrics
to that one jingle
from those old
electrical safety PSAs?
Whoa, I do remember.
[laughs] What did I say.
Can't deny the time you
shared with your father!
[laughing]
[NARRATOR]
It was a strange inside joke.
I guess you had to be there.
[UZAKI] Actually, this is good.
Dad's gone so far off track
it's completely derailed
the conversation.
Phew, talk about
dodging a bullet.
Anyway, tell us all about this
mystery boyfriend
of yours, Hana.
[UZAKI]
Huh?!
[YANAGI] What's he like, huh?
Is he a bad boy?
Can you show me a picture?
I know you have one,
pretty please!
Sorry. I don't have
any pictures to share.
[NARRATOR]
Liar!
[UZAKI] Uh. I've should've known
she'd have a million questions.
I spoke way too soon.
So, there's a guy into
short stacks like you, eh?
How do you know he's not
just a creep with a fetish.
I'm starting to think
Dad has legit reasons
for worrying about you.
Huh? Who are you callin' a
short stack, ya pipsqueak?
Why don't you save
the big boy act
for when you can finally
reach the top shelf?
It's no wonder chicks don't
give you the time of day.
Screw you! I'm already
160 centimeters.
I'm not little, okay?
I'm just a tad below average!
Inside voices you two, please!
Now just remember,
no matter how tall,
you'll always be
my little slugger.
Whatever! I still haven't
finished growing!
One of these days I'm gonna
shoot past you, too, Dad!
How tall is your mystery
boyfriend, Hana?
I dunno. I think he said he
was like 180 centimeters?
[YANAGI] He's gargantuan.
That's taller than all of us!
Well, I mean height
isn't everything.
So who cares, right, Dad?
That's exactly right, kiddo.
[YANAGI] Oof. Like tiny
father, like tiny son.
[clears throat] Okay.
Let's get back on topic.
This guy, is he nice or is he
just some deadbeat loser?
These are the sorts of things
your old man is worried about,
ya know. Does he have
a good personality?
Does he have good manners?
Does he take care of
his mental health?
And of course, how many
kilos can he bench press?
[NARRATOR]
Because Daddy needs to know.
I know it's a lot, but
if you can't answer me
then you can forget
about dating the g--
Listen, he's great
and super respectable.
Whoa, Hana.
He isn't a deadbeat.
If anything, the guy could
stand to let loose a little.
He looks over my
homework for me.
He keeps himself out of trouble,
and he likes weightlifting
and playing video games.
Now that I think about it,
he's kind of a nerd.
[YANAGI]
Go off, sis.
Keep giving us
those juicy deets!
His apartment's always
clean when I'm there!
His apartment.
Have you slept over?
[UZAKI screaming]
[gasps]
[FUJIO gasping]
Dang, look at you. Get it girl.
Oh, shut up! There's
nothing's going on. Ugh!
I just go over to his place
to hang out, that's all!
We both like video games,
so we play together!
He can't cook to save his life,
so sometimes I make him food!
There's no hanky-panky
or weird stuff.
It's nothing but good, clean
fun!
[TSUKI gasps] My, I'm so
surprised that the two of you
have such a pure relationship.
And to think this
entire time, I...
Let's just say that Mommy
imagined something else.
Stop it, Mom. I'm gonna vom!
Anyway, you're all wrong.
Because I tried to
explain myself earlier,
but, well, the truth
is... that he's...
He's not really my boyfriend.
Huh? If you guys aren't going
out, why do you sleep over?
You're saying you guys
game together
and that sometimes you even
cook him up a nice meal.
And you're still
not dating? Whoa...
Oh, Hana.
[BOTH]
What are you even doing?
[UZAKI grunting]
It's worse than I thought!
You're sweet on this guy,
aren't you?
[UZAKI]
No, you've got it all wrong!
He's always been a loner,
ever since high school.
We're in college now,
and he still acts
like a total hermit!
He's so hopeless I
can't help but look out
for the poor schmuck, okay?
You're head over heels!
No, that's not it, Dad!
If anyone's catching feelings,
it's not me.
He's the one who's got
the crush here, capisce?
Huh? That's basically
the same thing!
No. There's a major difference!
Oh c'mon, potato, patato!
[UZAKI]
Not all potatoes are the same!
You've already met Hana's guy
pal a few times, right, Mom?
Of course. He's dropped
by for cooking lessons
with your sister and I.
He's actually a nice boy.
[TSUKI] He still kinda
scares me, though.
You guys cook?
What have you made so far?
Do you happen to remember
those delicious croquettes
that we enjoyed the other day?
[YANAGI]
How could I forget.
Wait, Hana's friend made those?
I was devouring them.
They were incredible!
[gasps]
What's the matter, Kiri?
Problem?
So, all those bowls of udon we
were eating for days and days
a few weeks back
was that stuff?
Yes, the cooking was all him.
[gasps]
You gotta be kidding!
You're sayin' a
dude cooked that?
I was in noodle heaven thinking
a college girl made
those beauties.
Way to ruin the
entire fantasy, Mom!
I'm gonna be sick! [sobs]
[TSUKI] I supposed Kiri's
reached that tender age
where everything
is a disappointment.
[YANAGI] If he had any
kind of mental filter,
girls might actually like him.
Just forget it.
I'm going to bed.
We're not finished.
Hey, come back!
I guess I made her mad.
Well, what do you expect, Dad?
You're always
taking things too far.
Then I better leave it alone.
But now, I'm even more confused!
Is this punk implying my baby
girl's not good enough for him?
Why hasn't he tried to
put the moves on her
after everything
she's done for him?
Isn't that crazy?
Heck, he's driving me nuts,
but I'm impressed
at the same time!
Make up your mind, Daddy.
[KIRI] I was being scammed
the whole time! Give it back!
[TSUKI] Wait. Hana claims that
Sakurai isn't her boyfriend.
She said he hasn't
made a move on her. So...
But soon. I wanna hold her.
[TSUKI] So then,
what was that all about?
Could it be that the one
he's actually been after...
...was me this entire time?
[NARRATOR] In the end,
the family meeting ended up
confusing everyone
and helping no one.
Meanwhile, the person of
interest for the aforementioned
meeting remained
blissfully unaware.
...97. Urgh...
...98...
...99...
...100!
[SAKURAI] Yep, always feels
nice to break a sweat.
Nothing better than
clearing out the old cobwebs.
Yeah, I've still got
another set in me.
[NARRATOR] Testosterone
achievement unlocked.
[UZAKI]
Why do I even bother?
Dad just doesn't get it.
Sakurai's the one who likes me.
Not the other way around, right?
You're head over heels!
Except I'm not, you weirdo!
[YANAGI laughs]
[YANAGI] Looks like things are
starting to get interesting.